PSMDB-971 Implement KMIP encryption (4.4) (#509)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/data-at-rest-encryption.rst

 The |feature| in |PSMDB| is introduced in version 3.6 to be compatible with
 |feature| interface in |mongodb|. In the current release of |PSMDB|, the |feature| does

>  not include support for |amazon-aws| key management service. Instead, |PSMDB| is :ref:`integrated with HashiCorp Vault <vault>` and supports the secure transfer of keys using :ref:`Key Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) <kmip>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 not include support for |amazon-aws| key management service. Instead, |PSMDB| is :ref:`integrated with HashiCorp Vault <vault>`. Starting with version 4.4.13-13, |PSMDB| supports the secure transfer of keys using :ref:`Key Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) <kmip>`.  This allows users to store encryption keys in their favorite KMIP-compatible key manager. when they set up encryption at rest.
```
